hey guys just me here and but it's not
just me though if there's a special
guest
don't wait till afterwards there's a
special guest come on out whoever it is
out it's a good house you're messing
this up you're bad obviously it's me
okay fine I was brioche if you don't
know Eddie and I usually have a podcast
new episodes every Friday so please go
check the description and subscribe to
the podcast it's pretty good sorry it's
not it's not that great Oh real quick I
want to mention if you don't know I've
got a P o box in the description we're
gonna start opening up some packages
that you send in if you dress them to
Gus and Eddie so both of us will open
them live on the podcast right but if
you haven't watched my stuff and have
one thing I'll open my own later so
don't flood Gus's with anything that's
just mine if I see any Eddie only
packages I'll burn them outside of his
bedroom door I actually agree with it
okay so today we're gonna take a look at
a blockbuster employee training video
from 1990 that we have not seen before
not one Sabrina pulled it up it's
supposedly a real banger so let's take a
little blast from the past and check
this bad boy out
[Music]
that is the most 1990 intro I've ever
seen especially cuz it's blockbuster
that was great I actually love that
excuse I didn't see you come man you
know we have a lot of different movies
you might not have seen before
yeah no [__] it's blockbuster you know
there's a lot of movies here you've been
missing we got new ones I don't know if
you know they keep making them there's
we have [__] flubber in the
background what I'm gonna see that [__]
I don't know if that's came out yeah cuz
it's only 1990 but it's back they're so
good I'm sure I'll find something
that shot is already way too long wait
wait completely silent the Internet's so
much music
we're just waiting as she does her whole
day for the rest of the video is just
her stocking stockings here oh [__]
yo Murray did you tell the customers we
have a lot of movies here how are you my
name's Buster Buster sales I love them
for making his name Buster sales yeah I
love everything about this so far I
thought he was gonna be like Buster
block worth well what are you doing here
I am a professional opportunist that
doesn't sound very nice no not that kind
of opportunist what what kind of
opportunist what the [__] is that means
a sex is a sexual thing it is the 90s in
Hollywood hey it's me wall busted I know
an opportunity when I see it sure
like the time mrs. Harris his son Brian
asked you out and you turned him down to
get a chain all worth stupid slumber
party all the traffic cams oh she's
going to Denny's tonight we'll talk more
about opportunities later did he watch
your ass hmm
everybody just fades out well as usual
you're out of the new releases I wanted
that was really [__] Pat she had sex
with Brian yet no I don't know yeah I
think I'd go with those two Plus this
one tell Brian I said hi okay and I'll
see you when you bring those back do you
think CCTV blockbuster guy's gonna give
her [__] for like down selling and
taking one of the things away yeah he's
gonna be like you could have given her
15 movies and you think you can spot an
opportunity he's actually like he's not
a bad actor
tell he was like this is my role of a
lifetime I am Buster says he seems like
a movie villain yeah look at it this way
you have Shawn connolley you add mrs.
Harris's interest and what do you get
you get more rentals and a happy
customer I told her we had other Connery
movies
what can you name one act with good
customer service get the picture
look at this list you could have said
the Last Crusade you could have said
[__] I don't know any other Sean
Connery movies
seems like you missed an opportunity
thanks
oh hi Kristen how's it gone pretty bogus
actually I'm babysitting again this
weekend
how many [__] movies you have hey
have you ever seen somebody rent that
many movies oh well no that's even when
VHS is were relevant was that seven
movies what now let's try and guess what
buster sales is gonna say about what she
did wrong here she's already got seven
movies that's the thing is I don't know
what it could possibly be what now you
want to keep an eye on this I see an
opportunity coming I see an opportunity
coming hey are you okay
took little freaked out huh yeah I was
just checking the monitor that's all oh
oh I see see what what sweet Christ
focus I'm trying to [__] check out
the yellow one here like really think
about her situation she sent down the
movie she's like you ready to check out
yeah
what now that's great I'll take it oh
and you know what else
my little brother spike has a birthday
coming up her brother's name is spike
that's a dog actually Spike Lee Spike
Lee's her little brother it was the 90s
I want to see Buster Sales not even talk
about sales I want him to give like a
like one of the sexual harassment ones
or something it's like see you saw an
opportunity
you should've taken believe me fell I've
been down that road before why yeah why
do you think they gotta lock me away in
the TV grab some up here so how was that
not bad
one out of two one out of two 50% he's
like there were six other movies she
could've bought one out of two where's
hunt for red october for sure stalking I
would I would have pepper sprayed this
guy by now easily I would have done it
when he walked in but that's why I
didn't wear blockbuster excuse me is
there something I can help you find oh I
doubt it
I'm a 60s movie buff I'm kind of a 60s
movies freak slash kill animals in my
backyard freak one had been to eight
video stores in the last three days
looking for the last movie I don't know
the name that had both Peter Sellers and
Woody Allen in it nobody has it how is
he looking if you only know the actors
are in it you have to look at every
movie time yeah and he's just like
really quickly just staring at the box
aren't you throwing it
no Woody Allen in this one oh I don't
know that's a pretty rare title let's
take a look great hey [__] Murray you
[__] and I could call you and you
would be the proud owner of the last
movie with sellers and Alan fantastic
that's just what I need for my
collection go ahead and put the sound
effect in
oh he's one of my favorites especially
in the Pink Panther hey thank you
[__] donut Shh go get your copy okay
[Applause]
[Laughter]
what does he have back there the TV is a
bunch of props he's just a prop room is
the next one is just a huge GOG brief
just blanks in the end I mean look at
her in the store she's going shopping
again - we've established with the rules
of the universe
that people can't hear or see the TV but
they can see her yeah so she's walking
through just going oh so how loud is the
TV just trying to get your attention
well if you don't mind I'd rather you
stick with the whistle what is it this
time
I found the man his movie yes and you're
still batting 500 how so 500 is an
excellent batting average that is a
[__] record-setting batting average
okay here's your tapes and your popcorn
and your raisin it you'll be a real hit
with Brian and Alan's friends oh and
don't forget have these back Saturday by
midnight okay thanks oh and if you see
Brian tell him mom's delivery service
has him covered
sure she'll lead in with that flirt yeah
hey Brian mom wanted me to say mom's
delivery service they're just both like
they're out of date just like hey Brian
wait mom's delivery thanks for all your
help
I'm about to have a bomb go off together
attention just waiting for it to dig
down he's gonna start hucking pop he is
he's get up big idea oh you again
how is she not pissed that he's still
there honestly she's like let me work my
job thanks but I think I'm getting the
hang of it yeah we'll see
here comes Marge Simpson here comes
Marge Simpson you know the one that
keeps trying to introduce you to her son
Doug Doug wait okay is this a fake
character that they named Marge Simpson
coincidentally or did they do it I'm so
this Sims when did the Simpsons start it
already was like 9 1989 yeah The
Simpsons were already on the air yeah
well I guess they're like ok how do we
avoid a copyright claim and her son
cowabunga sir Doug's a nerd yeah maybe
so but mrs. Simpson is an opportunity if
you can find it so what you're gonna do
is you're going to have sex with Doug to
sell movies tomorrow actually I don't
think that's part of my job at all No
hello mrs. Simpson hi Murray Murray have
you never met my son Douglas Doug is a
hard pass n said one word I'm done I'll
say any time if he looks like his voice
would just go hi Doug
hello Murray that was a full like 80s
90s nerd where they have to be like it's
good to see you Barry
[Music]
hello Murray
so looks like everything you wanted what
the hell was that I just don't know the
best way to upsell is to make fun of
customers with obvious disabilities like
making the blockbuster thing they're
like okay these are teenagers working
here how are we gonna hook them on with
entertainment let's make fun of some
disabled we have over six thousand
titles in our store problem is my
husband Richard he just goes bananas if
I spend more than ten dollars on movies
oh no don't talk about that anybody if I
stand more than a penny don't look at my
makeup closely because something might
be under you are so helpful and clever
duh isn't she sweet she's she's sunshine
on a cloudy day that seems nice I guess
yeah I'm fine with Doug now I have no
problems with him Doug's cool I wouldn't
make fun of him like buster sales would
I wouldn't make fun of them like people
might have done before they learned he
had potentially a disability yeah I said
that he did the noise was before he
spoke but I made that joke before I
think he made the noise it was just the
way he walked up but this one it was a
different time it was besides honestly I
don't think that old clunker of a VCR is
going to make it through all these tapes
the picture just isn't clear anymore
have you cleaned your VCR heads recently
no come to think of it I don't think we
ever have well they say you should every
20 hours or so every 20 hours I never
cleaned anything having to do with my
VCR ever that's not even a full day yeah
honey I'm at the office did you clean
this your heads yet it's like every good
newborn like it's 3:00 a.m. the alarm
goes up it's your turn to clean the VCR
okay that'll be 15 84 right 1584 eighty
and one two three four
remember when I said two minutes ago my
husband would lose his [__] if I spent
over $10 oh yeah here's a 20 what Oh No
1584 she's like that's right anyways I'm
gonna go I'm gonna have a lovely night
with Richard come Alaka goodbye Marie
parting is such sweet sorrow this dark
dude so how was I you were terrific
don't you think Buster would just feel
like hey you forgot about the $10 thing
there's gonna be some horrible comes
because he's like no great job I guess
now I'm the opportunity expert okay okay
okay already this is her 20 years later
she's still stuck there it looks like
it's like it follows she passed the
curse somebody else she made enough
sales another employee one less has to
deal with Buster sales forever
Joe Oh Marie have we found a little
friend to talk to you Oh friend oh no I
was oh wait
right hi Marie Oh Brian I thought I'd
die mister I'm sorry nuts now tell
Buster I said hi
[Music]
I don't like how friendly she was where
it's like first day huh
tell Buster I said hi it's like you were
haunted for a couple of shifts had [__]
thrown out yet you'll learn how I can
understand now why blockbuster has gone
out of business
absolutely it's there they've been
throwing [__] at people yelling at him
alright so thanks for watching be sure
to subscribe to Eddie Berbick I got a
commentary channel is basically what you
just watched but without gusts so not as
interesting I'm not in there but we do
do it weekly podcast every Friday go to
the Gus and Eddie podcast channel it's
so fun we have guests too
sorry now we'll just be done that's it
hey it's business man Daniel here you
ever get to the end of the day or you're
at school or you're at your place of
work or he even here in your room and
you don't have any ideas business man
Daniel wait no wait no I got an idea let
me tell you about Nord VPN you hear the
helicopter going overhead here it's
coming after me because of all the
savings I'm about to offer you nor VPN
is the best way to keep your internet
safe and to access all sorts of servers
in over 61 countries if you're a
confused little cornhole don't worry
businessman Daniel explain it to you
these are the bad guys this is your
computer or smartphone and I'm nor VPN
and look it I'm getting in the way Oh
can't touch me too bad nor VPN saving
your little butt cheeks today do you
think I have time to protect myself
online no I don't look how busy I am
calendars full boys what are you gonna
do about it
Nord VPN go to Noor VPN dot-com slash
Gus Johnson and you get 75% off of a
three-year plan I know my name's
businessman Daniel but it doesn't matter
you go to nor UPN dot-com / Gus Johnson
you'll save all sorts of money also if
you use coupon code Gus Johnson at
checkout you get an extra month for free
you guys that's a whole nother Manzo's
so swim on down to Nord VPN comm slash
Gus Johnson for what is this 75%
three-year plan that's
fine I think it's like $2.99 a month
that's how much you spend on diapers
every month get rid of your kid and just
buy Nord VPN that comes Alaska's Johnson
instead ok thanks for watching the video
hi everybody
I'll try I'll try more next
[Music]
[Applause]